SOFTWARE LICENSE AGREEMENT

*** Please read this entire AGREEMENT ***

LICENSE:

* This limited use software license agreement (the
"AGREEMENT") is a legal agreement between you ("LICENSEE"),
the end-user, and bome.com for the use of the Restorator
software product ("SOFTWARE").

* By using this SOFTWARE or storing this program on a
computer hard drive (or other media), you are agreeing to be
bound by the terms of this AGREEMENT. If you do not agree to
the terms of this AGREEMENT, and you have registered this
SOFTWARE, promptly return the SOFTWARE and the accompanying
items (including any written materials), along with your
receipt for a full refund; or delete the SOFTWARE from all
storage media.

* You may install this program to test and evaluate if it
suits your needs and you wish to purchase it. There is a
limit of 30 days for the evaluation time.

* The order fee will license one copy for use by the person
who purchased the SOFTWARE.

* The full version of this SOFTWARE may not be distributed
on CD-ROM, disk, or other physical media for a fee without
the written permission of bome.com.

* The trial version of Restorator and ResPatchers may be
distributed freely without charge. Anyone distributing
Restorator for any kind of remuneration must first contact
the author for authorization. When you want to sell
ResPatchers, royalties apply. Contact the author for
details.

* Except for your own personal use, you may not alter this
SOFTWARE in any way, including changing or removing any
messages or windows without the written permission of
bome.com.

* You may not decompile, reverse engineer, disassemble or
otherwise reduce this SOFTWARE to a human perceivable form.
You may not modify, rent or resell for profit this SOFTWARE,
or create derivative works based upon this SOFTWARE. You may
not publicize or distribute any license code algorithms,
information, or license codes used by this SOFTWARE without
permission of bome.com. You may distribute ResPatches
created with Restorator.

* You may not use any license codes for the SOFTWARE that
have not been purchased from bome.com or ShareIt!, or
another authorized representative of bome.com.

* Usage of this program may violate the copyright of the PE
files that you saved with the SOFTWARE. It is your
responsibility to respect all legal aspects.

* You don't have the right to release to public any programs
which were altered using Restorator, if not expressively
granted by the respective authors. Restorator is strictly
for your personal use.

COPYRIGHT:
* Restorator is copyright 1999 - 2005 by bome.com. You
must treat the SOFTWARE like any other copyrighted material.

-----------------------------------------
DISCLAIMS AND WARRANTY for the SOFTWARE.

The SOFTWARE and any related documentation is provided "as
is" without warranty of any kind, either express or implied,
including, without limitation, the implied warranties or
merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or
noninfringement. The entire risk arising out of use or
performance of the SOFTWARE remains with you.

THIS SOFTWARE IS NOT FAULT TOLERANT AND SHOULD NOT BE USED
IN ANY ENVIRONMENT WHICH REQUIRES THIS.

NO LIABILITY FOR DAMAGES. In no event shall bome.com or its
suppliers be liable for any damages whatsoever (including,
without limitation, damages for loss of business profits,
business interruption, loss of business information, or any
other pecuniary loss) arising out of the use of or inability
to use this SOFTWARE, EVEN IF BOME.COM HAS BEEN ADVISED OF
THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.
